qtcreator/README.md, before:

In this folder, you can find useful files to configure/extend Qt Creator.

# VGC Header and Source File wizard

Installation:

1. Copy vgc_h_cpp into
   ```
   ~/.config/QtProject/qtcreator/templates/wizards/
   ```
   (Create the parent folders if they do not exist)

2. Restart Qt Creator

Usage:

1. In Qt Creator, open an existing file in the same directory of the
   files you want to create

2. Ctrl+N > VGC > Header and Source

3. Specify Library and Name. Example: "geometry" and "curve"

4. "Next" > "Finish".

This will create the files `geometry/curve.h` and `geometry/curve.cpp` with
all the standard VGC boilerplate.

# How to create new JSON-based Wizards?

Create a copy of an existing wizard (e.g., vgc_h_cpp), for example:
```
my_wizard/file.h
my_wizard/file.cpp
my_wizard/wizard.json
```

Modify as needed, then restart Qt Creator. You may want to run Qt Creator with
the -customwizard-verbose argument to output error message, useful for
debugguing when you create the wizard.

Things to modify in wizard.json:

- `id`: should be of the form "L.WizardName".
  The letter determines the order of appearance
  (A make it appear first).

- `category`: using "A.VGC" is recommended for all
  VGC-related wizards.

- `trDescription`: "Some description."

- `trDisplayName`: "Some Display Name + Source"

- `trDisplayCategory`: "VGC"

Use existing wizards for inspirations, either VGC wizards or wizards shipped with Qt Creator:
```
<qt-installation>/Tools/QtCreator/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/
```

Protip: Use `%{JS: ... }` to call any Javascript function! Very powerful.
For example, in `vgc_h_cpp/wizard.json`, we use `toUpperCase()`, a standard
Javascript function. Qt also extends this with its own functions, such as `preferredSuffix()`, or
`classToHeaderGuard()`. See the following Qt Creator source files for more inspiration:

[corejsextensions.h](https://github.com/qt-creator/qt-creator/blob/35690ab66e3c79bf2ff69a2b996da0c2584ee13b/src/plugins/coreplugin/corejsextensions.h)<br>
[cpptoolsjsextension.h](https://github.com/qt-creator/qt-creator/blob/19d4d7014d39a04965e40e1b8cf9de94fefb9bff/src/plugins/cpptools/cpptoolsjsextension.h)

Official Qt Creator documentation:

- [Adding New Custom Wizards](http://doc.qt.io/qtcreator/creator-project-wizards.html)

- [Adding JSON-Based Wizards](http://doc.qt.io/qtcreator/creator-project-wizards-json.html)

Commit message:

Add color scheme and restructure folder

qtcreator/README.md, after:

In this folder, you can find useful files to configure/extend Qt Creator.

You can either copy the whole content of this folder to your Qt Creator
config folder (e.g., ~/.config/QtProject/qtcreator/), or only copy what
you care about. Restart Qt Creator for the new config to take effect.


# New File Wizards (automatic license boilerplate, namespaces, includes, etc.)

These go to ~/.config/QtProject/qtcreator/templates/wizards/

Example Usage:

1. In Qt Creator, open an existing file in the same directory of the
   files you want to create

2. Ctrl+N > VGC > Header and Source

3. Specify Library and Name. Example: "geometry" and "curve"

4. "Next" > "Finish".

This will create the files `geometry/curve.h` and `geometry/curve.cpp` with
all the standard VGC boilerplate.

# Text Editor Color Schemes

These go to ~/.config/QtProject/qtcreator/styles/

After restarting QtCreator, select your desired scheme in Tools > Options > Text Editor > Fonts and Colors.

# How to create new JSON-based Wizards?

Create a copy of an existing wizard (e.g., vgc_h_cpp), for example:
```
my_wizard/file.h
my_wizard/file.cpp
my_wizard/wizard.json
```

Modify as needed, then restart Qt Creator. You may want to run Qt Creator with
the -customwizard-verbose argument to output error message, useful for
debugguing when you create the wizard.

Things to modify in wizard.json:

- `id`: should be of the form "L.WizardName".
  The letter determines the order of appearance
  (A make it appear first).

- `category`: using "A.VGC" is recommended for all
  VGC-related wizards.

- `trDescription`: "Some description."

- `trDisplayName`: "Some Display Name + Source"

- `trDisplayCategory`: "VGC"

Use existing wizards for inspirations, either VGC wizards or wizards shipped with Qt Creator:
```
<qt-installation>/Tools/QtCreator/share/qtcreator/templates/wizards/
```

Protip: Use `%{JS: ... }` to call any Javascript function! Very powerful.
For example, in `vgc_h_cpp/wizard.json`, we use `toUpperCase()`, a standard
Javascript function. Qt also extends this with its own functions, such as `preferredSuffix()`, or
`classToHeaderGuard()`. See the following Qt Creator source files for more inspiration:

[corejsextensions.h](https://github.com/qt-creator/qt-creator/blob/35690ab66e3c79bf2ff69a2b996da0c2584ee13b/src/plugins/coreplugin/corejsextensions.h)<br>
[cpptoolsjsextension.h](https://github.com/qt-creator/qt-creator/blob/19d4d7014d39a04965e40e1b8cf9de94fefb9bff/src/plugins/cpptools/cpptoolsjsextension.h)

Official Qt Creator documentation:

- [Adding New Custom Wizards](http://doc.qt.io/qtcreator/creator-project-wizards.html)

- [Adding JSON-Based Wizards](http://doc.qt.io/qtcreator/creator-project-wizards-json.html)
